Runtime Operations Doc Correction (#389)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/03-20-runtime-operations.md

# SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime Operations

Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) allows you to configure operations that you can run on a SAP BTP, Kyma runtime. Each operation is processed by several steps arranged in stages and ordered in queue structure. During its processing, an operation is passed to every step for it to act opon it acording to its responsibility. Steps get to process operation in order of its arrangement in the queue. As every step can be re-launched multiple times, for each step, you should determine a behavior in case of a processing failure. It can either:

- Return an error, which interrupts the entire process, or skips step execution.
- Repeat the entire operation after specified period.

> **NOTE:** It's important to set lower timeouts for the Kyma installation in the Runtime Provisioner.

## Stages

> A stage is a grouping unit for steps. A step is a part of a stage. An operation can consist of multiple stages, and a stage can consist of multiple steps.  Once all the steps in a stage are successfully executed, the stage is marked as finished and never repeated again, even if the next one fails. If any steps fail at a given stage, the whole stage is repeated from the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stage is a grouping unit for steps. An operation can consist of multiple stages, and a stage can consist of multiple steps. Once all the steps in a stage are successfully executed, the stage is marked as finished and never repeated, even if the next stage fails. If a step fails at a given stage, the whole stage is repeated from the beginning.
```

> ## Provision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provisioning
```

## Provide Additional Steps

> You can configure SAP BTP, Kyma runtime operations by providing additional steps. Every operation (see implementation of `internal.Operation` structure) is based on the same Operation structure. The following examples presents how to extend KEB process based on provisioning operation. Extensions for other processes follow the same steps but just require its specific structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure SAP BTP, Kyma runtime operations by providing additional steps. Every operation (see the implementation of `internal.Operation` structure) is based on the same Operation structure. The following examples present how to extend the KEB process based on provisioning operation. Extensions for other processes follow the same steps but require their specific structures.
```

Reviewer: Where or how can I `see implementation of `internal.Operation` structure`?

    ```

   - `Name()` method returns the name of the step that is used in logs.

>    - `Run()` method implements the functionality of the step. The method receives operations as an argument to which it can add appropriate overrides or save other used variables. You should always return the modified operation from the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `Run()` method implements the functionality of the step. The method receives operations as an argument to which it can add appropriate overrides or save other used variables. You must always return the modified operation from the method.
```

    })
    ```

>     If your functionality requires saving data in the storage, you can add this by adding fields to the generic internal.Operation, specific implementation of that structure or the InstanceDetails, all of which are defined in [model.go]](../../internal/model.go). The difference is that for specific operation implementation new fields are only visible for that specific type and InstanceDetails is copied during operation initialization across all operations that concert given runtime. The example below shows how to extend operation with additional fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your functionality requires saving data in the storage, you can do it by adding fields to the generic `internal.Operation`, a specific implementation of that structure, or the InstanceDetails, all of which are defined in [model.go](../../internal/model.go). The difference is that for a specific operation implementation, new fields are only visible for that specific type and InstanceDetails is copied during operation initialization across all operations that concert a given runtime. The example below shows how to extend operation with additional fields:
```
